I think pretty much who the top teams
are now or who the top six is will
probably go forward and be there yeah so
I think it'll be really competitive yeah
well after an unfortunate loss yesterday
echo Fox is back in action here on the
second day of week seven with I'm joined
right now by DA rock with coverage
presented by Omni slash talked a little
bit about how things are going so echo
fox you guys were on a rampage then a
little bit of a stumble recently but
again today you guys want so what's been
kind of going on behind the scenes I
think we just overall weren't just
practicing as hard as we could as five
and yeah we've been having a bunch of
really rough practice so our perception
of the meta and how Lane matchups kind
of go is a bit skewed at the moment so
yeah we were we were not really feeling
that confident coming into this week
just based on practice but we're still
confident we pull out to 200 so
definitely losing to Golden Gardens was
obviously really disappointing and then
struggling versus optic is also really
disheartening coming from you know we're
expected to be playing at such a high
level so I think we all just are we're
gonna refocus and just go out the next
week a lot more I guess harder and just
practice better how much of that is the
patch because I noticed you know new
patch hits things are a little different
and then some games start going a little
different than people expect so was
there was that an issue for you guys
yesterday I think the only thing that
really changed on the patch was like mid
matchups and how AP champions are built
but and you also like the cannon yeah
that's like after your post twenty
minutes you don't I mean so it's like
the game pretty much should flow in
early game the same exact way because
even though there is no trackers knife
people still can make pretty accurate
assumptions on what the pathing is gonna
be just based on what is the best and
what's efficient like you do see some
people like akkadian for example that I
just played against did something like
level to the I'm not eating dumb stuff
running around trying to gank lanes
level two and you know like stuff like
that can happen but it's still obviously
pretty risky but overall I think the
game flows
same exact waylaid matchups are pretty
much the same except for mid but even
mid it's like it was pretty obviously
was gonna be good yeah so what was the
conversation like yesterday after the
Guardians game I saw you you tweeted
something like goddamn we suck or
something like that after joke yeah but
oh yeah weird joke yes what sorry I
gotta get that right oh wow
what what was it yeah what how did
everything go after that game I mean I
was obviously very frustrated just
because maybe we lost to go the
Guardians or we just I mean we lost in
general I don't I don't expect us to
ever lose to any team when we play so
I'm obviously gonna be frustrated to a
certain degree but the the conversation
after was really just like yeah and it's
just when everybody got back in the room
after we played Nick was just like yeah
we pretty much expected this they picked
Zarkon which we've been really really
awful against in scrims and we played
really badly against it on stage as well
we team fought incorrectly as five we
played laning phase really badly against
it so it pretty much aligned with
expectations you're like if they plays I
work on we expect the ggs n apples I
work on is like if they plays I work on
it's gonna be pretty hard because we
don't really have a solid answer and we
don't we weren't really comfortable
playing it ourselves but yeah it was
just more so we were just really
disappointed but it was not like how did
this happen you know I mean it's more
like yeah we saw this coming
it's disappointing nothing we can do
about it let's focus for tomorrow yeah
and when you said Nick you mean an arrow
the coach just for those that don't know
yeah alright for other than that you
know how it it are you at all concerned
because it does feel like we're starting
to see like the normal narrative like I
mean I know TSM starting to pop back up
again like CLG seems to be getting their
feet underneath them like it does feel
like there's a chance that you guys are
going to face like a more competitive
league here at the end of the split I
think if we get back on track and get to
the level that we were at last week or
weeks before like when we played against
tal and all those teams the topic the
the more tops top tier teams and we were
doing really well I think if we go back
to that level we can easily keep our
practice on track and still be in really
good form by the time player comes
around
I do think obviously it's gonna be
really competitive and playoffs comes
around because there's so much time
between now and then and every team is
mostly the top teams you can definitely
tell like who's gonna be there and who's
like starting to keep improving steadily
and who's like kind of slacking behind
in terms of like the playoff race so I
think pretty much who the top teams are
now or who the top six is will probably
go forward and be there yeah so I think
it'll be really competitive yeah yeah
kind of going off of the golden
Guardians conversation what do you think
of of them after that match those it's
just sort of desire work on stuff that
happened or do you think that they are
improving and you notice leave it's been
an interesting thing to see basically
team everybody wrote off start to pick
off games yeah I mean that was the main
thing everybody said coming into the
split was that anybody could take a game
off of anyone
aside from golden Guardians it was like
that pretty much the precedent was like
yeah anybody can be anybody except for
those guys but nobody in LCS teams
really believe that I think I at least
me I've worked with some of the players
on their team before I've competed
against contracts countless times hi a
bunch of times as well so I have a
certain amount of respect for those
players as well and I know how good
Sampson is I know how good matt is and I
also know how good deftly is I've also
played on a team with him way back and
we've been close friends for a while so
because of like we weren't expected to
be really good in the beginning of this
plate we did have a lot of screens
versus lower two teams like ggs and then
we still had scrimmage book with them up
until like two weeks ago or one week ago
so I could definitely tell that they
were progressively getting better
throughout the scrims obviously but
that's really behind-the-scenes and I
always couldn't talk about it but I
think they've shown extreme amounts of
improvement throughout like LCS the
regular season for sure I mean they're
picking up wins now stuff goes without
saying I think other than that is there
anything that you would like to say into
any of the echo Fox fans out there
yeah just sorry to everybody who is
expecting what they should top to your
performance out of a top-tier team we're
gonna go back this week of practice and
try a lot harder and hopefully we'll get
back to showing the two old weekends
that you guys are you guys deserve to be
accustomed to very good well thank you
so much star doc for the interview
congratulations on the win and for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of our coverage of all things eSports
right here
on my YouTube channel today we live in
an ever-changing world so much is going
on and we just don't know what to expect
next it's just a crazy time but in these
moments you need the comfort of
something stable like my LCS interviews
which you can get by subscribing to this
YouTube channel and are made possible by
Omni slash thank you